# Beestock Development Environment Infrastructure on AWS 

## Installation

- Terraform: 
  Information: 
  Installation: please refer to [terraform website](https://www.terraform.io/intro/getting-started/install.html) for more details.

- Installing Terragrunt: please refer to [terragrunt installation](https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terragrunt#install-terragrunt) for more details.

## Project File Structure
- **terraform.tfvars** file:
  - Configuring Terragrunt to automatically store tfstate files in S3.
  - Forcing Terraform to keep trying to acquire a lock for up to 10 minutes if someone else already has the lock.
  
- **main.tf** file:
  - Configuring AWS provider.
  - Configuring Terraform to create S# backend for storing its state. 

- **variables.tf** file:
  - Contains global variables used by infrastructure settings.

- **outputs.tf** file:
  - It is used to store variables as a way to organize data to be easily queried and shown back to the Terraform user.
  
- **vpc.tf** file:
  - Configuration a standalone VPC for development part with all required settings (ex: gateway, subnets, routing table, etc...).
  
- **security_groups.tf** file:
  - Configuring the different types of security groups required by the development environment.
  
- **frontend_webapp.tf** file:
  - Configuring all AWS resources that is used for beestock webapp (ex: ECS cluster, ECS container, ELB, etc...)
  
- **.terraform** directory:
  
## How To
#### Initialize terraform
- This command performs several different initialization steps in order to prepare a working directory for use
```bash
terragrunt init
```

#### Create an execution plan
- Terraform performs a refresh, unless explicitly disabled, and then determines what actions are necessary to achieve the desired state specified in the configuration files
```bash
terragrunt plan
```

#### Build the infrastructure
- It is used to apply the changes required to reach the desired state of the configuration, or the pre-determined set of actions generated by a terraform plan execution plan
```bash
terragrunt apply
```

#### Destroy the infrastructure
- Infrastructure managed by Terraform will be destroyed 
```bash
terragrunt destroy
```
